Grandpa lost only 10
my dear is a game but the old game only
from time to time you have to stop
that and if you are one thing you have to
improve and do not give up in the
way because life will hit hard
No one else from Itagua but more does care
how much do you hit while you support
stand as you press
to live
ae
the taboo and then I will pass also vain
sorry the father is leaving and not even thing calm
everybody would rather keep cut and em
music publishing kills for karaoke bosta
continuing the concrete things in
follow marijuana and since everybody is
It's been a while, I've been saying here.
master's phrase didi well what is it?
do not think about what you have and have already thought
so you still have a very good face
congratulations
another thing is sure a phrase of ours
Great friend, I'll finish his name.
but the business as I am in
sandwiches note below a chance and no
the box ends up with a really good face
play wanted great looking player
cheat lol the player revealed jorge viana
rock grandson fell he came back on what
was voted the game was scared
he fell in the middle he fell very trivial
or is bigger and he changed with me I remove more
Goodbye and good luck.
the stampede igweh we handle it that
now it's grandpa
was ours
not every catarina has a finger but all
catarina and obliges who does not remember or
No, she called me, I was not put on the phone.
phrase to go on facebook
then go and comments on this touches me
ball to come out on top and intelligence
ensures that you fell in the street aviator player
I will come back here because I do not want to
that he score me goals and rafael well
skidding wade
will take a course now I'm without
noise learning facebook club
stupid I said standard and that's it miss mark
was friend
Marcolini blue swore asked me ceará
Let's work, our guys went.
sent
the companion schema even though
Hallucinations are and are not seeing our
medicine that is killing the guy said
government
make this joy is the year for mac and
I always said that I went there I said
a friend of mine understand that the no remake
tom as congo goes wheels i even get
custodial
Arrive then by car maybe
people and goods as well as to call themselves
sent today 80 arriving and going will
living will only magic will change I think
I got it I got it on facebook
yes he is born to look at her sent
electronic is going well
according to the law the order I well sent
in morality that may be this end has returned
ago I has only just come only comes not expect
Waiting for you, we had 55 our new one.
almost certainly he'll like killing there
Black because she was happy the Gemini
dog z
goiano hi
I want my block by my mouth.